# Free-Uncensored-Speech
Social Media (but way different)
https://frunsp.netlify.app/

# What is FUS
FUS is a Web App that aims to be a town square for every one and anyone no matter their beliefs or opinions. A truly Free and Liberal space in which no one has to fear prosecution and censorship because of what they say and believe in. In the modern day we use social media as a legitimate means of communication like for instance talking or writing. Now imagine other people could control what you say, who you speak to and if you even get so speak at all. This is exactly what has been and is happening, how can we make decisions or engage in arguments if some people can't speak? Furthermore, a lot of people can't say what they want for fear of losing their jobs, reputations and opportunities. Algorithms push us in to extreme positions and ideologies so that a true discussion is practically impossible. In order to use these platforms, you have to supply them with phone numbers and e-mails, trusting them with your sensitive data, further deanonymizing you. FUS solves these problems it's uncensored by design (the provider couldn't delete you if he wanted to) and although posts are made by pseudonymous IDs, the IDs are in no way tied to anything (e.g. e-mails, phone numbers) making it completely anonymous. Not only is the software free and open source, the database is 100% transparent and all data is displayed publicly. The provider has the exact same data anyone else has, hacking FUS would be a total waste of time, since all you need is a simple HTTP request! Anyone can copy the FUS code and run their own server (please do!), because IDs are basically just a math function you can prove your identity anywhere! I have put a lot of effort in to removing as much power from the provider as possible (don't trust me, read the code).

# Get started 
In order to use FUS safely, it is important to understand IDs. IDs are derived from your username and key. Peers can identify you and each other with these IDs. Because only you know your key, you can prove your identity. Because the ID (Hash) is displayed publicly, it is very important to choose a very long and secure key. It is just as important to store your key safely, if you forget it your ID is gone forever. IDs eliminate the need for accounts and there by fully place security in your hands. Ok, that's cool and all, but what about spamming posts? Well since there are no accounts it is impossible to ban someone, however every time someone creates a post he has to first mine a "ticket". The mining process is work for your Computer and therefore costs electricity (virtually none) which in turn you have to pay for. If you post a few posts a day you will not notice the mining process, however if you are running a big spam operation it will cost you (a lot!). So if someone does spam a lot, he punishes himself automatically. The same principle applies to boosts (likes, up-votes) here you also have to mine a ticket. It is important to note that the energy required for one ticket is a very, very small portion of a mili cent, so posts are virtually free.
Choose a s3Cure and l00ng kEy!!!
